Python workflow updates (#2516)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/python/generated/how-to-send-an-update-from-a-client-in-python.md

---
id: how-to-send-an-update-from-a-client-in-python
title: How to send an Update from a Temporal Client
sidebar_label: Send Update from Client
description: Use the execute_update method from the WorkflowHandle class to send an Update to a Workflow Execution.
tags:
- python sdk
- code sample
- workflow
- update
---

<!-- DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE DIRECTLY.
THIS FILE IS GENERATED from https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-python/blob/workflow-update/workflow_update/starter.py. -->

> To send a Workflow Update from a Temporal Client, set the [execute_update](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.client.WorkflowHandle.html#execute_update) method from the [WorkflowHandle](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.client.WorkflowHandle.html) class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send a Workflow Update from a Temporal Client, call the [execute_update](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.client.WorkflowHandle.html#execute_update) method on the [WorkflowHandle](https://python.temporal.io/temporalio.client.WorkflowHandle.html) class.
```
